how about friends how are you welcome to
another video plus my name is mail I'm mk
of tiger thank you very much for
accompany me in this video that only
this video will have a background
Greece game I'm playing and what
I'm playing completely live
I'm also narrating completely in
I live and well what I want is to tell you
guys in this well in this message is
tell them how good that thanks to you
we have already reached 10,000
very many subscribers
thank you I thank you very much and for
thank you for this support in my page
fans that will appear here in the
description I'm leaving a one from the
theme for you to see and well I'm going to
make a tournament live software 3 in my
mk jobs trailers personal channel
for you to check it and this one
put here to my fan page and what
can this
because you can not run this plank
car
they already killed me then led lost the
number of that I get out of by doing
live comments I do not concentrate ok
come on let's go there I tell them what good is going
to be there practically let go
consist this tournament is going to be a tournament
this one that is going to play so
individual
is going to be individually there goes there
they will be able to inscribe the way
registering is very easy the only thing that
they have to do is you
is to leave me to isuzu gamertag with
very much very much taste I'm going to
invite to participate now as the group
is limited to 16 people but there are already
many comments there are already many
this weyes enrolled but I do not know
worry will be randomly
I will choose them all in a way
randomly and I'm going to take a video
completely live on the day this
Friday I'm going to do a Friday so that
you see the draw if you guys
see how I am and that all mind that
everything was completely live I'm going to
choose 16 on the day of the draw goes to
be the day today is not true
Thursday will be the live short
in the night at 8 at night will be
today's Thursday draw will be
the draw today at night put
attention of all the people who
they participated this by leaving me their gamer
taguas a tournament and there I will tell you
I wanted to play and you are going to
see who is going to touch contractive
it's a tournament where I'm not going to
participate will be participating
only and it's as thanks to
all of you who are the ones who
accompany agendas
in the transmissions that is far from that
is playing with me this transmission is going
to be dedicated solely and exclusively to
all of you for which are the
I really appreciate very much
and this one and I hope to have your assistance
and there are many, really, I thank you
to all the infinite support for these
10,000 10,000 subscribers and the day of
today remember it's going to be the draw
completely live I'm going to present
a number from 1 to 100 and they're going to leave me
on the comments
it's going to be a completely live draw
you will like today 8 at night goes to
be the draw so that they are
ok to the slope guys how are you going to
be the wave and do not get lost
absolutely nothing but nothing then
guys see you today at 8 and remember
here in the description of the video I'm going
to leave the link so you can go to the
facebook page and what you have to
do is leave your gamer also written
so that I can invite you to play go
to be 16 participants those of the tournament and
this
once you sign up I'm going
to give I will choose about four of
reservation in case some do not show up
because then it happens that some do not
present or could not because of the schedule
what is good so we will give
opportunity to still more people that
come play someone like us
it fails us then do not be discouraged and see
that are a lot because you remember that you are
that this is going to be randomly
I'm going to choose anyone not
it means that because you have
subscribed just a minute ago I'm not going
to take into account no no no that's going to be
as I tell you completely random and
I will be this you are
inviting is choosing so
randomly you will see that everything is going
to be randomly then
I hope to see you there there
many and put the tournament with the only
intention to have fun there is not this way
what are you going to call me spiked something
you are going to give or that we are not going to
giving away nothing is simply so that the
community see what is how you play a
software and you can tell yourself there in front
of all the people to play for a while
and you are going to kill me
then you will see and they will
see Ivan they are going to do
transmissions of the games
completely live then you guys
they will be there playing with us and
all this roll and having a great time
to the base case killed this is going to be
completely live I tell you then
here is the description in the
description is the link from where
they have to go to put their gamertag
and today, Thursday, 8 at night,
miss the draw for you
know who is going to play
it's going to be pretty good and it's going to be
completely live so it's that
participate and it's my way of
thank you because in this way
because you love playing the
software you already know that on my meteo channel
I try varied content but I also try
to do this for you and most
of you like to play gears of war
me too but this time it's going to be
only for you I 'm just going
to be narrating and I'm going to invite
some people here to narrate also
for you to see and after
press the video to your friends I come now
that this tournament participates when I
it falls to see I beat everyone and so not
then it will be fine fucking pro yo
I wait for you I'm may he hears you I fell off
tiger I hope you liked this
video and if you did not like mode 20 then to
I do not like it either but I did not have time
to record a gameplay and that's why I did not
here so is that guys
Be nice, I'm male, that's me
callo fire and see you in the tournament today
the draw 8 at night do not miss it
thanks for the 10,000 subscribers
bastards
I love them, I love them very much ,
I 'm really happy to have
given this figure and well then we go for
more we go for more but always doing
the original content and with ideas this
to try to please you
thank you very much we will see you with the
next video goodbye
bye